Every social feature in XIV is enabling stalking and harassment and I think this should be a bigger deal.

Please, please, if you see this post and agree with it, ask about this topic in the thread for the YoshiP interview, 
and join me in posting about it on the Forums/Twitter. Only negative press will change about this.

EDIT BECAUSE PEOPLE KEEP MAKING STRAWMAN ARGUMENTS: 
I (and most people who get harrassed) just want the ability to 
turn our lodestone to private and have it so that when we unfriend someone they don't keep us 
on their friendslist. Just so they can't follow us and know everything about our characters. 
That's all. That doesn't negatively impact anyone except harassers. Stop enabling this behavior!

I don't like bringing up bad topics but I'm genuinely shocked this is not talked about more, 
especially with the immense influx of new players.

Whenever someone is weird and you just want to avoid them, you actually cannot escape them. 
If you delete someone from your friendslist, they will still have you added, 
which means name changes or FC changes or really anything you might do to make them not know who you are is pointless.

Blacklisting, surprisingly, 
doesn't even prevent people from being matched with you (which I feel should be the basic point of the feature, but I disgress).

Even if you server switch, name-change, Fantasia, and do this thrice over to make them lose track of who you are 
(which, this is expensive and a hassle and you really shouldn't be forced to do something like this just to avoid people who are creepy to you)
then if they just have your Lodestone URL they can find out exactly who/what you've become and where you play.

And lastly, even if you do all these steps, there's nothing that keeps them from making alt-accounts to stalk you in-game.

Actually, not lastly: If you've ever married and the person turns out to be obsessive or unhealthy for you, good luck, 
they now have a permanent way to follow you around no matter what you do. Their ring will work even if you divorce them, 
without anything you can do about the fact that someone unpleasant can follow you around.

I love this game dearly, but it's an MMO, and stalkers and harassment is plentiful. I've heard so many horror stories, 
had to console friends who've had to deal with it, and found myself in this situation a few times as well.

I'm begging here; please make these system safer. Let us turn off our Lodestone/privatize it. Make a friends-list-removal work for both ends.
if you delete someone, you don't want THEM to keep YOU in THEIR friendslist. Divorce should turn off the rings entirely, not just yours.

These are really simple changes that would go such a long way to make people feel safer.

Edit: 
We are aware that there's an option to report for this behavior, 
but after a group of friends and I reported a stalker who harrassed our friend, nothing came off it. He continued harassing her (and eventually some of us) for weeks, until she quit and he got bored, and he's still playing this game, seemingly unhindered and unpunished. Maybe this is an issue with EU GMs, but they did not take this serious at all.

Edit 2:
Yes, she also reported them, it wasn't JUST 3rd party reports.
